in this video I'm going to explain about
design and simulation of bi CMOS
inverter using Tanner radio version 2019
point to this is schematic
representation of bi CMOS inverter here
the bi CMOS is not convincing to MOS
transistor on P MOS on the N Mo's
transistor and to NPN transistor used
the operation is just similar to the
normal inverter so if you are giving
input is zero when you input the a to
zero means we'll be getting output will
be 1 Q will be 1 sometimes if you are
giving in place one means will be
getting off will be zero
the operation is simple if at least if I
in place a zero now the P n Mo's will be
off condition the P Mo's the situation
on condition so VD will be passed here
so now we'll get some base by us so now
the transistor this transistor will be
in the on condition Q 1 will be in the
on condition so now some current the
emitter current will be produce more
able to control will be produce now this
VDD is passed here so we will be getting
output Q less one if you are giving a
equal to zero same time this n Mo's will
be off condition this transistor will be
in the off condition so when if you are
giving a is equal to 1 this p MOS
transformed in off state now this n Mo's
will be in the on condition so now the
input signal past here the transistor q2
will be on so output will be directly
connected to ground so we are getting 0
so this is operation of bi CMOS inverter
and this is schematic representation
model Dorothy yes I did
using the Tanner so next can see the
output output of this bi CMOS inverter
we can get like this what we are giving
one will waiting zero zero means one so
this is output the procedure for how to
draw thee by CMOS is not reusing yes
edit the flick is edit go to file new
new library browse create a fold up my
[Music]
bi CMOS and click OK
if I click Add like movie browse go to
the photogenic 250mm selected files then
they can just go to genome devices and
click OK and then right click add
library browse go to folder standard
libraries select the file MAAC click ok
then right click add library browse
select the folder spice and whisker plot
okay
right click add library browse select
select the folder spice undisclosed
sources that click OK click OK go to
sell new we click OK
to draw a design first and take one
people's to compete most then take any
animals then we need to NPN transistor
here this NPRM does got 10 we have to
take
then press home button foot to the
screen
take the BAI up now please connected to
base of the transistor here this
connected to vdd the drawing these two
like this
[Music]
crying this gate these are output
connect the output port here to spice
sauce and we pulse
the Nereus II take this ground
you need
select the spice sauce ready see
instance then select spice plot select
or taste print for you pretend out there
try to like this then go to simulation
setup select transient analysis you 400
then tantrum
add the library browse TT
and click ok then plus and simulation
so this is output often bi CMOS in water
if it is one in is one out will be 0 1 0
1 1 0 0 1
thank you for watching